README.md, before:

# audio_detection_sdk
To be able to use the SDK I created a new environment with python 3.10. I decided to create a new repo for working with python 3.10 and the AI_Software_Development_Kit.

## Description
For more information about the siemens AI_SDK read the AI_SDK_en-US.pdf for installation, usage and guidelines for the SDK.

## Venv setup

- C:\Users\my_user\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python310\python.exe -m venv venv (location of python)
- venv\Scripts\activate (to activate)

- pip install AI_Software_Development_Kit_v2.1.0/simaticai-2.1.0-py3-none-any.whl


## Resources and Documentation

- [AI Software Development Kit](https://support.industry.siemens.com/cs/document/109810711/ai-software-development-kit-?dti=0&lc=en-NO) - Here you can download the SDK and and manuals/release notes for the different versions.
- [Introduction to AI Software Development Kit](https://docs.industrial-operations-x.siemens.cloud/r/en-us/ai-sdk-operation-manual/introduction/introduction-to-ai-software-development-kit) - Documentation and manual for AI SDK.

Commit message:

Removed documentation since it was old. Also found out that from the new documentation Siemens suggest running the python venv on WSL. Change the description to include WSL and removed doc refering to setting up venv on local computer

README.md, after:

# audio_detection_sdk
To be able to use the SDK I created a new environment with python 3.10. I decided to create a new repo for working with python 3.10 and the AI_Software_Development_Kit.

## Description


## Venv setup

- C:\Users\my_user\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python310\python.exe -m venv venv (location of python)
- venv\Scripts\activate (to activate)
- pip install AI_Software_Development_Kit_v2.1.0/simaticai-2.1.0-py3-none-any.whl

- Setup WSL for window's

## Resources and Documentation

- [AI Software Development Kit](https://support.industry.siemens.com/cs/document/109810711/ai-software-development-kit-?dti=0&lc=en-NO) - Here you can download the SDK and and manuals/release notes for the different versions.
- [AI SDK tutorials GitHub](https://github.com/industrial-edge/ai-sdk-tutorials) - This includes all cind of guides on setup to packaging for AI Inference Server. 
- [Introduction to AI Software Development Kit](https://docs.industrial-operations-x.siemens.cloud/r/en-us/ai-sdk-operation-manual/introduction/introduction-to-ai-software-development-kit) - Documentation and manual for AI SDK.
